
Constructors:
    These are block of code similar to a method that is executed when we create an object of the class.
Why do we need constructor?
    Because it initializes the object
HOw to create a constructor?
    1. Constructor name must be the same as class name
    2. No return type

We have two types of Constructors:
    1. Parameterized
    2. Non argument

    ------------------------------
// this keyword -> refers to the current object. it can be used with variables and methods.
this keyword refers to the instance variables. In situation when local variable have the same name as object/instance,
 then we use "this keyword" to differentiate and refer to the instance/object variable.
 This keyword can also be used to refer to the instance method.
 -----------------------------------------------------
Inheritance in Java:
    By the help of "extends keyword" we can implement the inheritance.
    With Inheritance, we can access to other classes attributes and behaviors based on parent and child classes.

 Advantage of Inheritance in Java:
    Application development time is Less
    Application takes less memory
    Application execution time is less
    Eliminates repetition of code / Redundancy of code is reduced.

 Code Re-usability:
    The same methods and variables which are defined in Parent class can be used in Child class with Extends keyword.

Disadvantage of Inheritance:
    Two classes (Parent & Child classes) are tightly coupled.
    tight coupling means two or more classes are dependable to each other.
    If we change any code from parent class, it will affect to all Child classes inherited Parent class.
    So, the Child classes are not Independent.

There are three types of Inheritance:
    Single Inheritance
    Multilevel Inheritance
    Hierarchical Inheritance

Single inheritance:
    Just one parent class and one child class.
Multilevel inheritance:
    When there is one parent class, then the child class has another child class to its self.
Hierarchical inheritance:
    When parent class has many child classes or multiple child classes.