QA Automation Tester: They make sure that all the features work fine. they make sure the look and feel of a website is good.
They can verify these things manually but if the website is big it will take a lot of time. That's why,
we need to automate the testing of these websites. To automate, we need computers and a common language
that we and the computer understands it.

What is Java computer language?
Just like we need a common language to talk to a person we also need a computer language to talk to a computer
and that's why, we need to learn Java. Java is a computer language that we use to talk to computer.
To write Java code and make our work easier, we need IDE like Eclipse or Intellij to write our codes there.

What is a Project in Intellij ?
It's simply a folder where we can store our codes and help us to organize our codes, and it can be
easier for us to find the code later on.

How to create a new project in Intellij ?
1. click on file
2. click on new
3. click on project
4. A new window pops up, enter the name of the project and click create
5. If ou see a pop-up saying new window or same window, click on same window

How to create new packages ? (package is also another folder inside src folder)
1. Right click on src foldr
2. click on new
3. click on package
4. Give a name to your package and hit enter

What is a class and why we need it?
A class is simply a file that contains Java codes, and we create them to better organize our codes.

How to create a new class ? (class is a file that contains Java code)
1. Right click on package created already ( for example here package class 1)
2. click New
3. Click Java class
4. Enter the name of the class and hit enter

Important Rules of Java:
1. All types of brackets must be in pairs (opening bracket and closing bracket) if 10 opening brackets,
   should be 10 closing brackets, brackets in Java are () [] {}
2. All Java lines end with Semi-Colon
3. If you miss any opening bracket, closing bracket, semi-colon, comma, ets... otherwise Java won't compile it
4. We should write our codes inside Main Method block so that java Runs it and show it in our Console/Terminal
5. If we have println() , our lines will show in separate lines in Console, but if we remove ln from println(),
    it will show all the lines next to each other in one line.
6. If you want to write Note or Comment in your Java class with your codes, just hit double Forward Slashes //
    Also, having comment in your java code helps someone reads the code and understand it easily
7. We can also add Multi-Lines comments, we can hit One forward slash / with * and hit enter, it will create many lines.
     like this: /* and Enter

Shortcuts:
-- type main and hit enter , it will create the main method for you
-- type sout and hit enter, it will write System.out.println();


























